Add rule docs for 8.2 rule changes (#1863)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/rule-details/lsass-memory-dump-handle-access.asciidoc

generates and stores a variety of credential materials in LSASS process memory. This is meant to facilitate single
sign-on (SSO) ensuring a user isn’t prompted each time resource access is requested. These credential materials can be
harvested by an adversary using administrative user or SYSTEM privileges to conduct lateral movement using 
[alternate authentication material](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1550/).

#### Possible investigation steps

- Investigate the process execution chain (parent process tree).
- Investigate other alerts associated with the user/host during the past 48 hours.
- Validate the correct install path for the process that triggered this detection.

### False positive analysis

- There should be very few if any false positives for this rule. However, it may be tripped by antivirus or endpoint detection and response solutions;
check whether these solutions are installed on the correct paths.

### Response and remediation

- Initiate the incident response process based on the outcome of the triage.
- Isolate the involved host to prevent further post-compromise behavior.
- Scope compromised credentials and disable the accounts.

> - Reset passwords for the user account and other potentially compromised accounts (email, services, CRMs, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reset passwords for affected user accounts and other potentially compromised accounts (email, services, CRMs, etc.).
```
